Do:
Proper custom form
Confirm window

Done:
Tooltip delay
Detailed tooltip
UI tooltips
URI path
Win screen
attack rni stability
Kill animation

Fix:

Maybe:
Canvas field
Death line

==Design notes==

Bonuses: 
  Supplies
  Stat Growth?
  Mob stat growth?
  
Map traits:

  Particular stat more or less on mobs
  More of mobs with particular stat
  You gain more or less of particular stat
  Solitary beasts - no bonuses from neighbors
  Communal beasts - more bonuses from neighbors, less from self
  Megabeasts - bigger beasts
  Magma - everyone take damage during fight
  Rainbow - color density varies by x or y
  Chaotic freeze - freeze line is not strictly horizontal
  Raindrops - figures tend to stretch along one axis  

Passive abilities:
  Dagger - 50% of blocked damage is still dealt
  Whip - 50% bonus to damage past def, but enemy def is doubled
  Rapier - if enemy attack is completely blocked, your next attack does double damage
  Knuckles - second and so on attack in a row without being attacked ignore 50% of enemy def.
  Morningstar - damage roll is either 0% or 200%
  Javelins - deal free attack at the beginning of combat with double damage
  Bag* - gain more loot/xp
  Medkit - gain percentage of lost hp back
  Dung* - draw counts as win, but you get half loot/xp
  Poison - enemy loses some hp per their attack for each your attack done
  Flamberge - enemy loses percentage of already lost hp
  Teeth - get percentage of damage you deal
  Warpaint - add percentage of lost hp to attacks
  Halberd* - +20% damage if attacking enemy that is next to previous one.
  Brush* - +20% damage if attacking enemy that has the same color as previous.

Active abilities:
  Diplomacy (Vasilisa) - remove any one enemy in reach, get no loot/xp
  Horror (Wolf) - if you defeat enemy, all neighbors flee
  CQC (Captain) - you engage the target and all it's neighbors at once. 
    You do no attacks of your own, but response with your attack to every enemy attack. 
    If you deal damage, enemy attack strength is halved.
  Immortality (Scarlett) - recover to full hp once per combat. When you do, you attack with power equal to your hp.
  Greed (Tomiko) - get triple loot and/or stats.
  Cleave (Vladimir) - while you next enemy is ajacent to previous, you do not spend turns, 
    your str is multiplied by 1.1 and other stats divided by 1.1, cumulatively.
  Teleport (Truth) - can attack any enemy. If you win, you can reach it's neighbors too.
  Possess (Oleg) - if you win, you copy enemy stats
  Massacre (Devourer) - destroy all reached enemies, no loot/xp
  Luck (Marquise) - each combat is rolled 10 times. 
    If at least one succeeds, you can win at the price of luck equal to failed combat rolls.
    You start with some luck and recover it gradually.